NMS-14635: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 4) (#5743)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/webui/search.adoc

For example, clicking *Edit Requisition 'Test'* takes you to the screen where you can edit the requisition named Test.

== Search view

The Search view provides a number of search options for nodes.
To access the Search view, click *Search* in the top menu bar.

=== Quick-search links

The Search view includes three quick-search links: *All Nodes*, *All Nodes and Their Interfaces*, and *All Nodes with Asset Info*.
Click any of them to quickly search for associated information.

[[search-view-name-search]]
=== Name search

When you search for a node using its name, it is a case-sensitive, inclusive search (for example, searching `serv` finds any of `serv`, `Service`, `Reserved`, `NTSERV`, `UserVortex`, and so on).
You can use an underscore (`_`) as a single-character wildcard, or a percent character (`%`) as a multiple-character wildcard.

=== TCP/IP address search

When you search for a node by TCP or IP address, it uses a flexible format that lets you separate the four (or eight, in the case of IPv6) fields of an IP address into specific searches.

> Including an asterisk (`*`) in place of any octet matches any value for that octet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include an asterisk (`*`) in place of any octet to match any value for that octet.
```
